src/pages/borrow.md, before:

<!-- Imports -->

import HorizontalSteps from "../components/HorizontalSteps";
import ReachOutSection from "../partials/home/ReachOutSection";
import BorrowerContactForm from "../partials/home/BorrowerContactForm";

import borrower_1 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_1.svg";
import borrower_2 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_2.svg";
import borrower_3 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_3.svg";

<!-- Intro -->
<Section>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4} align="start">

# Finance Your Assests with DeFi

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">
<p margin="0">
Asset Originators are businesses that help companies and individuals access liquidity. These businesses have proof of payment, but need the money now. 
</p>
</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">
<p margin="0">
At any given moment,  $30 Trillion is locked up in invoices and other non liquid assets. Together with DeFi, Centrifuge helps make these illiquid assets accessible.
</p>
</Col>
</Row>
</Section>

<!-- Steps -->
<Section>
<HorizontalSteps steps={[{ image: borrower_1, text: "Tokenize your assets on the Centrifuge Chain" }, { image: borrower_2, text: "Pool assets in Tinlake, our asset-backed lending protocol" }, { image: borrower_3, text: "Borrow money with DeFi" }]} />
</Section>

<!-- Reach Out -->
<ReachOutSection>
{(toggleModal) => <BorrowerContactForm toggleModal={toggleModal} />}
</ReachOutSection>

<!-- User Stories -->
<Section>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4}>

# User Stories

</Col>
</Row>
<Row gap="100" mb="medium">
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/paperchain_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/consolfreight_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/shuttleone_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
</Row>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4} align="start">

“By pricing the streaming data and connecting that to programmatic banking solutions like decentralized finance technology, we can build financial products that get money faster to creators at a fraction of the cost of traditional finance.”

**Daniel Dewar**, Co-Founder of Paperchain

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/centrifuge-tinlake-and-paperchain-join-forces-to-accelerate-music-streaming-revenues-c83324d116e7" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">

“DeFi is especially important in moments of emergency: disaster relief shipments need quick and reliable processing. Tinlake would allow us to increase operational efficiencies and decrease the operational cost on this future shipment.”

**Alejandro Gutierrez**, Co-Founder of ConsolFreight

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/the-first-drop-for-defi-23e5240cadf2" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">

“Our customer HappyFresh operates in major markets in South East Asia. To cater to increased demand, they need to have access to new liquidity markets fast. Combining our frictionless payments with Centrifuge Tinlake seemed like the logical step to access liquidity in DeFi.”

**HongZhuang Lim**, CEO of ShuttleOne

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/defi-in-the-coronavirus-pandemic-from-blockchain-to-the-supermarket-83a09ff4762" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
</Row>
</Section>

Commit message:

feat: add title and description to new pages

src/pages/borrow.md, after:

---
title: Borrow
description: Collateralize your invoices, royalties, and other real-world assets with Centrifuge to access a new source of liquidity.
---

<!-- Imports -->

import HorizontalSteps from "../components/HorizontalSteps";
import ReachOutSection from "../partials/home/ReachOutSection";
import BorrowerContactForm from "../partials/home/BorrowerContactForm";

import borrower_1 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_1.svg";
import borrower_2 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_2.svg";
import borrower_3 from "../images/home/step_images/borrower_3.svg";

<!-- Intro -->
<Section>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4} align="start">

# Finance Your Assests with DeFi

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">
<p margin="0">
Asset Originators are businesses that help companies and individuals access liquidity. These businesses have proof of payment, but need the money now. 
</p>
</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">
<p margin="0">
At any given moment,  $30 Trillion is locked up in invoices and other non liquid assets. Together with DeFi, Centrifuge helps make these illiquid assets accessible.
</p>
</Col>
</Row>
</Section>

<!-- Steps -->
<Section>
<HorizontalSteps steps={[{ image: borrower_1, text: "Tokenize your assets on the Centrifuge Chain" }, { image: borrower_2, text: "Pool assets in Tinlake, our asset-backed lending protocol" }, { image: borrower_3, text: "Borrow money with DeFi" }]} />
</Section>

<!-- Reach Out -->
<ReachOutSection>
{(toggleModal) => <BorrowerContactForm toggleModal={toggleModal} />}
</ReachOutSection>

<!-- User Stories -->
<Section>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4}>

# User Stories

</Col>
</Row>
<Row gap="100" mb="medium">
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/paperchain_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/consolfreight_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
<Col span={4}>
<Image src="../images/home/shuttleone_logo.svg" alignSelf="start" />
</Col>
</Row>
<Row gap="100">
<Col span={4} align="start">

“By pricing the streaming data and connecting that to programmatic banking solutions like decentralized finance technology, we can build financial products that get money faster to creators at a fraction of the cost of traditional finance.”

**Daniel Dewar**, Co-Founder of Paperchain

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/centrifuge-tinlake-and-paperchain-join-forces-to-accelerate-music-streaming-revenues-c83324d116e7" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">

“DeFi is especially important in moments of emergency: disaster relief shipments need quick and reliable processing. Tinlake would allow us to increase operational efficiencies and decrease the operational cost on this future shipment.”

**Alejandro Gutierrez**, Co-Founder of ConsolFreight

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/the-first-drop-for-defi-23e5240cadf2" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
<Col span={4} align="start">

“Our customer HappyFresh operates in major markets in South East Asia. To cater to increased demand, they need to have access to new liquidity markets fast. Combining our frictionless payments with Centrifuge Tinlake seemed like the logical step to access liquidity in DeFi.”

**HongZhuang Lim**, CEO of ShuttleOne

<Box direction="row" gap="small">
<Image src="../images/home/medium_small_logo.svg" />

<a href="https://medium.com/centrifuge/defi-in-the-coronavirus-pandemic-from-blockchain-to-the-supermarket-83a09ff4762" target="blank">Read More</a>

</Box>

</Col>
</Row>
</Section>
